references/index.md, before:

---
hide:
  - toc
  - footer
  - navigation
---

# References

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __[Documentation as Code](00-docs-as-code.md)__

    ---

    Learn about Documentation as Code (DaC), an industry-standard approach to maintaining documentation alongside code for consistency, version control, and automation.

-   __[Industry Standards](01-others-using-dac.md)__

    ---

    Explore best practices and guidelines that align with industry standards for software development, security, and compliance.

-   __[GitHub](03-git-reference.md)__

    ---

    Learn how to use GitHub for version control, collaboration, and automation in software development.

-   __[GitHub Signup](https://github.com/signup)__

    ---

    Create a GitHub account to collaborate, store repositories, and manage projects.

-   __[Markdown Reference](04-md-reference.md)__

    ---

    Learn Markdown syntax to format documentation efficiently and improve readability.

-   __[MkDocs Reference](mkdocs/index.md)__

    ---

    Learn MkDocs syntax to format documentation efficiently and improve readability.

</div>

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/landing-page.css">

Commit message:

adding tiles on reference page

references/index.md, after:

---
hide:
  - toc
  - footer
  - navigation
---

# References

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __[Documentation as Code](00-docs-as-code.md)__

    ---

    Learn about Documentation as Code (DaC), an industry-standard approach to maintaining documentation alongside code for consistency, version control, and automation.

-   __[Industry Standards](01-others-using-dac.md)__

    ---

    Explore best practices and guidelines that align with industry standards for software development, security, and compliance.

-   __[GitHub](03-git-reference.md)__

    ---

    Learn how to use GitHub for version control, collaboration, and automation in software development.

-   __[GitHub Signup](https://github.com/signup)__

    ---

    Create a GitHub account to collaborate, store repositories, and manage projects.

-   __[Markdown Reference](04-md-reference.md)__

    ---

    Learn Markdown syntax to format documentation efficiently and improve readability.

-   __[MkDocs Reference](mkdocs/index.md)__

    ---

    Learn MkDocs syntax to format documentation efficiently and improve readability.

-   __[Contributing Guide](02-contributing-guide.md)__

    ---

    Using the techniques you learned in the reference material, you're now ready to contribute your content to the docs platform. Here's a guide on how!

-   __[FAQ](05-FAQ.md)__

    ---

    Having issues? Maybe you'll find a solution here!

</div>

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/landing-page.css">
